Damn it
revenge
If I had known I wouldn't save you
Just let them kidnap you
Help!
I didn't expect to get the doctor on the first day off the mountain
on oneself
Miss Protect
Why do you want to do it?
I save people and save trouble
Who are you?
Hey, even if you want to save me
Why are you undressing me?
You still want to molest me before I wake up
I was saving you.
It's okay if you're not grateful, you still want to kill me
No wonder the master always says that the most poisonous woman's heart
Miss, he probably didn't lie
The two gangsters are still lying there
When I opened my eyes, you were lying on top of me
Who knows if you're with them?
I'm also protecting myself
Forget it, I'll just apologize to you.
How do you explain this to a woman like you?
By the way, let me ask you something.
I've heard of Jacky Cheung, president of Zhongtian Group
Why are you asking him?
She's my fiancee.
You can't be a late supper, can you?
Have we met before?